---
layout: post
title:  "On Continuity"
date:   2020-10-05 06:05:11 -0500
category: journey
---

I've finally settled down, after having been on the move for the past year and a half. 

After a cohosting a workshop in Guatemala and staying in the country for two weeks to explore its wonderful coffeelands, I finished things off in Atlanta upon my graduation, then headed over to Portugual for five weeks to study the portuguese language. 

Next, I was off on a 9-day research trip to Tanzania, then made a return to England to see my brother Ryan graduate, visited my friend Josep in Paris for a weekend, went to Iceland on a family trip, and made a brief stop in Korea until taking off again to Panama where I worked and lived for six months.  

Due to my prolonged absence from the US, I was starting to get worried about my permanent residence being taken away at immigration so, at the height of the pandemic, I am back in the States. 

In between the nomadic journey and finally returning to the US for good, I was graced by the opportunity to spend six months in my hometown Daejeon. Those six months were, for the most part, spent at home, whereby I devoted to my attention to retrospecting my journey, and to cultivate my growing understanding of this new field I have begun to take quite seriously. 

With all the stops I made in the past year and half, I am finding myself returning, yet again, to the city I have gotten to love: Asheville, North Carolina. This is the place that was my homebase during the summer of 2018, where I took up a seasonal job as a wilderness trail maintainer.

It's really come full circle. 

And my decision to live here for the next six months is my deliberate attempt to reconnect with a place that is so dear to my identity.

Here, I will be continuing to challenge my understanding of software development, work on a backlogged list of projects, and build up my knowledge in data structures and algorithms so that I can be ready for a job as a software enginner towards the end of my time here. 

What am I most excited about? 

The co-living community I decided to be a part of, and the colours of leaves exploding into autumn. :)
